there was this comment that one of you
guys posted in one of my earlier videos
where someone was like you either die a
flagship killer or he lived long enough
to become the flagship and at the time I
thought was a pretty funny joke but that
phrase is a remarkably accurate
depiction of what we have today the one
plus a pro is a full-blown flagship like
we're talking IP certified water
resistance wireless charging a very
flagship camera we'll get into that
little bit but this is it's a flagship a
really good one but it's also equipped
with flagship pricing this is now a $900
smartphone the base price for the one
plus a pro is 900 bucks and I mean
there's a lot to be discussed here but
okay I'm gonna start this video off with
let's do it like this I think anyone
who's interested in a one plus a pro is
probably interested in a Galaxy S 20 or
an S 20 plus because they have a lot of
things in common between them the big
one for me are the displays they both
have these fantastic 120 Hertz panels
the oneplus 8 pro has a 1440p panel it's
super bright super color accurate it's a
top-tier display visually I'd put it on
par with the s20 plus it really is that
good it's honestly strange to me that
oneplus is able to get these displays
like a smaller coupling like this is
able to get displays that is better than
like the vast majority of smartphones
out there but it really is like a
kick-ass 120 Hertz panel now I can
personally tell the difference between
the 120 Hertz panel and the 90 Hertz
panel from last year's one plus seven
Pro but I have to look for it now I'm
maybe I'm sensitive to it like I play a
lot of games at high refresh rates like
I I go for that stuff but I have to look
for it right it doesn't like jump out
immediately as being better like the 120
over the 90 there is a big difference
being 60 and 90 but if you are someone
who's fortunate enough to have a device
that does have a 90 Hertz panel don't
let that 120 Hertz jump be the main
reason why purchasing this like it it is
noticeable if you look for it the other
thing is like its refresh rate on a
phone right this isn't like
Pettit of Reddit browsing you don't need
that tactical advantage of 120 hurt
screen it's nice it's slightly easier on
the eyes but if for the people that just
haven't experienced it ever it's not the
most important feature in the world it's
just nice to have the performance is
amazing as you would expect from a
snapdragon 865 with UEFA's 3 storage and
the lp ddr5 X memory it really is a
crazy fast phone there is a chip inside
the 1 plus a pro from a company called
pixel works which helps to amp up the
visual experience so it does stuff like
color calibration and upscaling contents
to HDR quality content but it's got this
neat feature called motion smoothing
which can reduce any kind of motion blur
or visual judders in certain types of
videos now at the front of this camera
does not have the pop-up camera like the
1 plus 7 Pro it's got a whole bunch of
camera and I don't mind it like I
thought I would care because I spent an
entire year on a phone with no front
anything no not no bezel no camera and
this hole punched I thought would just
be like an eyesore I don't mind it at
all now I don't think this is like the
end stage of front-facing cameras I do
think that the under display cameras
will be appearing soon like we've seen
rumors of that tech appearing like the
note 20 from Samsung later this year so
I wouldn't be surprised if one Plus
picks up that Tech in the next year
maybe even less but in its current state
it already looks fine to me it's got
super fast face unlock super fast
fingerprint unlock it still has a curved
edge I've talked about this plenty of my
videos but the s20 series this year they
kind of reduced the curvature on their
edge so it's not as easy to get miss
clicks and accidental swipes but the
oneplus 8 Pro still has a pretty big
curve on that edge now one of the
easiest ways to combat this is to have
case they include a clear one with one
plus a pro it's got never settle kind of
like frosted in the back so you can show
off that never settling if you can see
that while you rock it but it does help
with with accidental clicks on this
device now they like I normally don't
cover cases on this channel but I got it
on this one in the media kit these
things came in like look at the color
I'm gonna you think this channel is
gonna get these cases and not talk about
them I mean come on dude these are like
the most 2d cases I've ever seen like
the color is perfectly teal it's got the
oneplus sandstone texture to it so if
you want that kind of textured grip it
has that it also is slightly different
in terms of design from the previous
sandstone cases on oneplus phones so I
mean this is just from long-term usage
but these cases tend to crack over time
like just on the edges because they
don't have a full bottom it's kind of
cut out because these are built in a way
to I mean they're just fully it's a full
case around the edge so I think these
will last longer without cracking like
previous sandstone cases have but
there's also I'm going to so much detail
about these cases but they're teal they
deserve it um it's got these lines in
the design and even after only a couple
weeks of using these they've become
quite dirty so I think that over time
these lines might become dark from use
but that's just the case okay enough
about these damn things um the phone
itself so this has a blue ultramarine
color and it is a very blue color it
comes in a green also in the same kind
of satin finish I much prefer the visual
appearance of that green over the blue
this is just super loud it's just not my
thing but it's a very nice texture it's
got this smooth finish and they've also
matched the edges of the phone to have
that same kind of smooth finish there's
another color variant that I have here
this is not an 8 pro but an 8 notice had
to wipe it to get rid of the
fingerprints but this is called
interstellar glow and it's similar ish
to the Samsung's aura glow in the sense
that it's like a reflective polished
finish it's a different process though
this is more of like pearlescent
mirrored effect where the Samsung
material looks almost prismatic there's
30 watt wireless charging on this which
is super fast and I was able to get the
advertised 50% in 30 minutes I do find
it a little bit warm to the touch warmer
than I'd like
even warp charge just the regular 30
watt warp charge does make these devices
warm but it feels slightly warmer on the
wireless charger which could
the battery durability over time battery
life is great
on this device so this is getting a
comfortable seven hours of screen on
time that's with 120 Hertz 1440p like
that's just right you if you drop the
resolution or drop the refresh rate you
just get longer from there but seven
hours of screen on time with everything
turned up that's a huge win in my books
okay speakers so there are stereo
speakers they sound really good but when
I try to compare to the s20 I think that
music sounds better on the 1+8 Pro I
think movies sound better on the s20 I
can't explain it I feel like maybe they
handle sound like punchy sounds a little
bit better on the s20 and it's not just
like bass or any kind of mid-tones or
anything it's just music sounds better
on this in my opinion movies and shows
sound better on the s20 take that for
whatever you will the haptics on this
device are also improved it feels more
pingy now instead of like thumpy and
buzzy this like the 1 + 7 Pro already
had pretty good haptics I just like this
better it just feels sharper and more
precise now the S 20 this year they also
have improved haptics I would say that
the s 20 vibration motor or haptic motor
feels more robust like you can do more
stuff with whatever mechanism they have
in here like they've created sensations
that when you take pictures it feels
like something's like rolling around in
there really quickly you don't get that
with this this is just more of like a
cleaner precise ping which I personally
like but they're both good now I need to
talk about the cameras because I think
the camera on the 1 + 8 Pro is probably
the most important feature first of all
it is huge like the camera bump on this
thing sticks out like if I'm eyeballing
like 3 millimeters it's very large it's
like BAM you're looking for this a ramp
because I got a ramp for you it's a very
very big camera bump especially you
don't have a case on it now I'm ok with
the bump the size of the bump because
this year for the first time ever in
one-plus history they have an excellent
camera like a truly excellent camera
that can sit on the shelf with any of
the top-tier flagships because before
this every phone that has ever come out
from oneplus its but the review is
always the same
like the camera system this year is good
it's really good for the price but it
can't compete with the top-tier
flagships that's like the oneplus story
it's what you guys been hearing for
years it was what I've been saying for
years and it's probably what oneplus has
been hearing for years in their reviews
and they got sick of it quite frankly
this is an excellent camera it's really
good in daylight it's sharp great color
fast like super fast shutter the ultra
white is on point
there's some color shift between the
lenses but it's better this year than
last year the 3x telephoto I would say
is where these two cameras differ the
most because the regular lens and the
ultra wide they're both really good on
the s20 and the one plus a pro but the
3x zoom they both look great
I do prefer the images from the s20
though it just has better contrast to me
and the whole image looks a little bit
cleaner and when you crank that up to a
30x digital zoom they also have some
differences the samsung looks cleaner
it's just way less noisy but that
software is potentially a little too
aggressive because now you're losing
detail that the oneplus kept it is
noisier but you can always denoise in
post but i'm not sure if you can regain
the loss of detail but let's be real
we're talking about
30x digital zooms here I don't know if
people can be using it that often but if
that's super important to you
well now you know the differences
between them the nighttime photos are
also really good all three lenses
perform really well now I do feel like
oneplus phones have a bit of an
advantage for the type of low-light
shooting that I like to do if you follow
my channel I shoot a lot of like
nighttime landscapes and the thing is
the low-light feature in this phone is
called nightscape so maybe the software
is really good at just picking out
architectural details and and amplifying
that stuff in low-light but they just
they look so good on the oneplus a pro
they did an incredible job this year I
like the camera for the first time ever
I can be like this is it's an amazing
camera and it also has that super macro
feature so you can zoom in on things and
see details that are both gross and
really interesting at the same time and
the video function is also really good
well stabilized good autofocus you're
gonna like it I'm gonna talk about the
biggest difference between these phones
which is
their software now I'm someone that
values the kind of clean nature of
oxygen OS like I'm someone that doesn't
even like like I don't like text in my
apps you can you can tell that I'm gonna
prefer something like this I just like
stuff as clean as possible
one UI is excellent like 2.0 looks so
much better than it has in the past but
it still has redundant apps like the
moment you have a Samsung browser and
like Samsung pay that's baked into the
phone it you know it's it's not as clean
as oxygen OS but they're both good it's
just that if you value like the most
minimal cleanness software experience
possible oxygen OS on the oneplus is
gonna win okay
now let's talk about pricing and that's
I think where I'd like to close off this
video this is a $900 phone which is so
much more expensive than this was when
it launched this was a six hundred and
seventy dollar phone I think when I
launched the oneplus 7 pro this is nine
hundred bucks which is two hundred and
thirty dollars more yeah
two hundred $30 more um my math isn't
that great right now but this is a huge
jump up in price now someone that
pricing comes from the IP certification
and some of that price comes from like
the wireless charging I'm sure but I
think the biggest portion of that jump
up in price is the camera like when you
want to compete in the big leagues and
you want to have cameras that can
compete with iPhones and Samsung's and
pixels you need to the best lenses the
best sensors and that stuff is crazy
expensive it's what we have we have a
really good overall package I in my
opinion this is the best flagship on the
market right now for Android users but
the price tag is weird for one plus now
I think those last year I made a video
entitled I think was called like the
oneplus we knew is dead or something
like that and basically was just the
story of how one plus had shifted very
very quickly over the years from a
company that was very budget minded to a
more premium device right now we're
seeing extremely expensive flagship this
stuff is its flagship territory now if
you didn't
I think one of the problems that
reviewers have when it comes to products
like this and it's not a problem it's
just something that we inherently look
though it's the way we look at devices
we look at track record we look at
history we have expectations of a
products will be and what they should be
right so imagine you didn't know
anything about these phones like these -
let's say you had the s20 in the oneplus
a pro they didn't have any branding
there was no kind of association of
history or expectations with these
products I think most people just blind
reviewers out there would be like this
is the better phone empirically
objectively speaking this is the better
phone all round because it's it's faster
it's cheaper it's everything about this
is a better film but because this is a
Samsung branded phone we have
expectations and because this is a 1
plus branded phone we also have
expectations we want this to be cheaper
because at one point in time this was
really cheap and at one point in time
this was the best camera system on
Android phones so that is the problem
when it comes to reviewing stuff like
this because part of me wants to review
this stuff completely objectively
without any bias without any kind of any
any agenda but I think it's gone to the
point where we see oneplus has shifted
to a completely different space we can
no longer look at this brand as a hey I
wish they were cheap hey I wish they
were you know $600 phones at the top and
it's it's not gonna be that way anymore
what they have made is in my opinion the
best flagship it's expensive and it is
what it is now in this video I did not
talk about this phone the 1+8 I actually
think this is the more important phone
of the - I think there's a way more
important and interesting discussion to
be had with this phone but I didn't
include it because it's gonna be in a
separate video I'll probably drop it in
two or three days but stay tuned for
that I just feel like the 1+8
it's the best flagship in Android right
now in my opinion okay hope you guys
enjoy this video thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it I'll see you guys
next time
[Music]